docs(dp): add section on how to resize kuma-sidecar containers on Kubernetes (#1118)
kumahq/kuma-website: app/docs/dev/documentation/requirements.md

For any large mesh using transparent-proxy it's highly recommended to use [reachable-services](/docs/{{ page.version }}/networking/transparent-proxying#reachable-services).

You can also find tuning configuration in the [fine-tuning](/docs/{{ page.version }}/documentation/fine-tuning) section of the docs.

> ## Sizing your dataplane container on Kubernetes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Sizing your sidecar container on Kubernetes
```

> When deploying Kuma on Kubernetes, dataplane is deployed as a separate container in Pod. By default, `kuma-sidecar` container is configured like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deploying Kuma on Kubernetes, the sidecar is deployed as a separate container, `kuma-sidecar`, in your `Pods`. By default it has the following resource requests and limits:
```

```yaml
resources:
    requests:
        cpu: 50m
        memory: 64Mi
    limits:
        cpu: 500m
        memory: 512Mi
```

> This resources configuration should be enough for most use cases. In some cases like when you cannot scale horizontally, or your service handle lots of concurrent traffic, you may need to change those values. You can do it using [ContainerPatch resource](/docs/{{ page.version }}/explore/dpp-on-kubernetes/#custom-container-configuration). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration should be enough for most use cases. In some cases, like when you cannot scale horizontally or your service handles lots of concurrent traffic, you may need to change these values. You can do this using the [`ContainerPatch` resource](/docs/{{ page.version }}/explore/dpp-on-kubernetes/#custom-container-configuration). 
```

> 
> To change thoes resources, you need `ContainerPatch` with `sidecarPatch`. You have multiple options. You can modify single parameter of resource section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For example, you can modify individual parameters under `resources`:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: kuma.io/v1alpha1
kind: ContainerPatch
metadata:
  name: container-patch-1
  namespace: kuma-system
spec:
  sidecarPatch:
    - op: add
      path: /resources/requests/cpu
      value: '"1"'
```

> You can modify whole `limits` section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you could modify the entire `limits`, `request` or `resources` sections:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: kuma.io/v1alpha1
kind: ContainerPatch
metadata:
  name: container-patch-1
  namespace: kuma-system
spec:
  sidecarPatch:
    - op: add
      path: /resources/limits
      value: '{
        "cpu": "1",
        "memory": "1G"
      }'
```

Or you can modify whole `resources` section:

```yaml
apiVersion: kuma.io/v1alpha1
kind: ContainerPatch
metadata:
  name: container-patch-1
  namespace: kuma-system
spec:
  sidecarPatch:
    - op: add
      path: /resources
      value: '{
        "limits": {
            "cpu": "1",
            "memory": "1G"
        },
        "requests": {
            "cpu": "500m",
            "memory": "500Mi"
        }
    }'

> ```

Reviewer: IMO this is too many different examples. As soon as you understand JSON patch it becomes unnecessary to show this much

Author: I was thinking about this when I added those, and probably you are right, removed the third example

> Precise documentation on how to apply those `ContainerPatch` resources to specific Pod can be found [here](/docs/{{ page.version }}/explore/dpp-on-kubernetes/#workload-matching).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check [the `ContainerPatch` documentation](/docs/{{ page.version }}/explore/dpp-on-kubernetes/#workload-matching) for how to apply these resources to specific `Pods`.
```

{% tip %}

> **Note**: When changing those resources, remember that they must be described using [Kubernetes resource units](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/#resource-units-in-kubernetes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: When changing these resources, remember that they must be described using [Kubernetes resource units](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-resources-containers/#resource-units-in-kubernetes)
```
